Here is the only third party speech pack for Strike Fighters to date: it includes files that will turn your Strike Fighters experience "Red"! The files are freeware from the EECH Helicopter Sim, converted by me for use in Strike Fighters.

The Russian Speech Pack will replace all stock speech files, so it is highly recommended that a clean install of Strike Fighters is used for your "Soviet Strike Fighters Project" experience.

Now be warned - this Speech Pack is for immersion only. Whilst the phrases are actual Russian, and actual combat/flight phrases, the probably will not make much sense to an actual Russian speaker. Due to the different way SF builds a sentance compared to EECH, and my limited Russian, many phrases will be gramatically incorrect. No complaints from Russian speakers, ok! They sure sound good when you're flying a MiG though!

Also, the sound quality is not as good as stock SF speech, must be those Russki radios! And you'll have to read the radio chatter to know what's going on....

Installation:

1/ Back up your Speech Folder - or preferably do a clean install of SF for the Soviet Strike Fighters Project.

2/ Unzip the Gramps Speech Pack file. Copy the files from the Speech Pack folder and paste them into the Speech Folder. 

3/ Go on a mission and defend The Rodina!

Also in the file is a new Russian mainscreen wav file:

The Soviet National Anthem (recently re-introduced by Putin as the Russian National Anthem). The file was a MP3 file from Timaham's Funet Russian Archive site, converted into WAV format for use in Strike Fighters. 

This version is music only, I personally use a version by The Red Army Choir (also from Timaham's site), which was a 3.5MEG MP3 file I again converted to WAV for use in Strike Fighters. I had hoped to have this version available for download, but the MP3 came to 19MEG when converted to WAV - too big for me to upload unfortunately. If you have a sound editor and can convert files yourself, go to Timaham's site:

http://www.funet.fi/pub/culture/russian/html_pages/soviet.html

and download this MP3 file and convert it yourself. There are also other version available but The Red Army Choir's version is the best, IMHO. As stated, SF uses WAV format files, and they need to be 8 bit stereo, and unsigned.

Installation:

1/ Back up your Mainscreen WAV found in the Menu Folder. The Mainscreen BMP is in a cat file, so no need to back up.

2/ Copy and paste both Mainscreen files from my zip into the Menu Folder, and you're good to go.

3/ I have made this WAV file to replace the stock mainscreen WAV file, if you like my file and would like it to play in other screens, just copy and rename to whatever screen you want the music to play in (such as BaseScreen, CreditsScreen, SingleMissionScreen etc.)

Enjoy!

Richard "Gramps" Kaminski
Endeavour2000@hotmail.com
December 5 2003